Added generator for running pod new documentation (#20158)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/kubectl/cheatsheet.md

`.yml`, and `.json` can be used.

```bash
kubectl apply -f ./my-manifest.yaml                    # create resource(s)
kubectl apply -f ./my1.yaml -f ./my2.yaml              # create from multiple files
kubectl apply -f ./dir                                 # create resource(s) in all manifest files in dir
kubectl apply -f https://git.io/vPieo                  # create resource(s) from url
kubectl create deployment nginx --image=nginx          # start a single instance of nginx
kubectl explain pods                                   # get the documentation for pod manifests

> kubectl run --generator=run-pod/v1 nginx --image=nginx # create nginx pod without creating deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl run --generator=run-pod/v1 nginx --image=nginx # start a single instance of nginx, without creating deployment
```
?

Reviewer: Actually, in Kubernetes v1.18 all generators are documented. I don't think it's a good idea to add this to the cheat sheet.
